feat(plugin-css): Add support for `color-scheme` property (#550)
drwpow/cobalt-ui: www/src/pages/docs/cli/integrations/css.md

    css({
      filename: "tokens.css",
      exclude: [], // ex: ["beta.*"] will exclude all tokens in the "beta" top-level group
      baseScheme: "light dark", // Optional: set base color-scheme
      modeSelectors: [
        {
          mode: "light",
          selectors: [
            "@media (prefers-color-scheme: light)",
            '[data-mode="light"]',
          ],
          scheme: "light", // Optional: set color-scheme for this mode
        },
        {
          mode: "dark",
          selectors: [
            "@media (prefers-color-scheme: dark)",
            '[data-mode="dark"]',
          ],

>           scheme: "dark", // Optional: set color-scheme for this mode

Reviewer: Question: what happens if the baseScheme is set to e.g. `only light` and scheme `dark` is passed? Or in other words, if an invalid scheme is passed?

Would it be useful to write some config validation?

Reviewer: I don't have an opinion myself, and just figured I'd raise the question to see what you thought.

You have a solid reasoning informing your choice, I agree with you wrt the maintenance burden. I'm just not sure how hard it would be for users to debug a human error in setting the config without validation Vs having immediate error feedback.

:::

### Color Scheme

> The CSS plugin supports automatically generating the [`color-scheme`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/color-scheme) property to help browsers optimize rendering for light and dark themes. This feature works with both the base selector and individual mode selectors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The CSS plugin supports automatically generating the [`color-scheme`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/color-scheme) property to help browsers respect users' prefered color schemes. This feature works with both the base selector and individual mode selectors.
```

nit: I don't think theme is the right word here, and mentioning user preferences would help root what color schemes are for juniors who are still learning vocabulary.
